Describe latency with data appearing in Google Analytics (#4086)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4/index.md

### Reserved Names

Google reserves certain event names, parameters, and user properties. Google silently drops any events that include [these reserved names](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4/reference?client_type=gtag#reserved_names){:target="_blank"}. If you notice that your data isn't appearing in Google, please check that you're not using a reserved name.

### Data taking a long time to appear in Google's reports

> Please be aware that Google may take [24-48 hours to process data on their end](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9333790) so you may not see it in some places in the Google UI immediately. That said, Google's Realtime view will update fairly quickly (typically within a minute). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google may take [24-48 hours](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9333790)  to process data sent to Google Analytics. As a result, the Google Analytics user interface may not reflect the most current data. The Google Analytics [Realtime report](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9271392){:target="_blank"} displays activity on your site as it happens.
```
